Best Raiou loses
5 challenge
It's mean Farm bye the
recipe
sociedad
you're not
from
signing
he added
Business is tough.
Well, cover me before dawn.
Why are you Schweiz history?
Nagisa.
Burou?
You should have gotten him by now, Nazi.
You booze off, too?
Right.
Hey, this is a condition that doesn't matter to me.
It's about giving care of yourself.
Listen...
I must stay heute at peace.
How dare you...
I think it's better for adults to stop that.
Besides, it's pretty good to listen to the sound of growth.
The more you hit the opponent, the stronger they will become.
Drain!
That's the power of the Centurion of Dian!
You're still far away from the exterior of the half-beast.
But this half-beast's size is worth a punch.
You'll get even stronger.
You're good, Dian.
You're good at talking.
Interesting.
Then I'll stop that growth with my own hands.
The Centurion of Dian.
I'll stop that growth with my own hands.
Hey, you've got eyes and ears, but you don't look or listen.
In other words, you're useless, every last one of you.
And that's why I'm gonna send you all to hell!
All of humanity, HELL!
I'm just the type you forget, so don't waste your time.
Yeah, I cheated, I cheated, I know she ain't going insane.
Somebody's gotta pay while I live with the pain.
Like me now, I'm on your cancer.
The worst genius is the best genius.
That's what I'm saying.
Because flowers bloom where our feelings are rooted.
Let's riot!
Get back, get trashed!
Give up hope.
Let's cross cross!
Let's build up the future.
From the moment we took it, we'll laugh at it.
Lose control!
We'll cut through the darkness.
Hearts will rise!
Run and run!
Who are you?
Even if it's just you...
This ideal is impossible.
No matter who says it, let's keep going!
Let's go!
Sergei!
terrace!
You're not with me!
Not at all!
Persona Five-Soul- созд Stewie
Composer K автом Dées He Alors
C obe goed
себе
T保 On ECU
Raum
Conductor
Barcelona
ны
wh-
waayy
My
Looks like the Cocoa sheath Now she's ready!
You should have put this between the body of capable scenarist so higher up in space
So that you have to answer for him
Dio!
I don't need you, senpai!
Listen, Dio! We're going to destroy this place and go home together!
Like that day!
I said I'd stop you!
For the sake of my honor...
Give me victory!
I'm going to destroy this place!
Get away!
You!
Come here!
No, no!
What?
You!
Help!
Go to the right!
I'm not!
Stop!
Don't touch me!
What car is this?
I don't care!
What the hell?
I'm going to destroy this place!
What?
What is this?
It's terrible.
What horrible thing.
What I didn't expect!
Who's the blueiero?
Um unfair!
Uh?
Yeah, that's right!
No way!
Let's go!
There!
People!
Go ahead!
What happened?
What was that?
Uh?
Well!
Devil!
ROBERT!
HEY!
HE'S Gamma!
glitter?
Is Thin Bamboo?
Yes!
Triple!
Big Move!
Over!
Heavy!
SWINDLE!
Youioxidh сдел colic!
What in the world are you doing?
What are you also killing people and passingęd It wasn't us.
patiently I'll kill as much air I charge I'd stone until itpiece
I'm sorry to die in such a miracle!
This is impossible!
Get into that huge pipe!
You're so reckless!
It's the seed you planted!
Ugh...
Ah!
Huh?!
Phew!
Ugh...
Huh?
translated by V toujours
Engi, you were in that place?
Why are you all driving because of the storm?
Hush!
Hey, brother. Don't turn your umbrella over.
It's dangerous.
Huh?
Why are you rolling around like this?
Why haven't you defeated your opponent yet?
Huh?
Because...
This guy won't attack me at all!
Huh?
If I had told him about this place,
he would have been motivated to turn his umbrella over for me!
No!
He's going to look for me!
I'm going to kill him!
Show me your fighting form!
Huh?
You're going to attack me if I attack you, right?
No.
You're such a pitiful guy.
Enji, you don't have time to talk to the captain.
You have to get out of here or you'll die!
Huh?
They're going to take this half of the ship
and cross the border with us!
I'm going to kill them!
If we cross the border, we'll die!
I'm going to go back.
No matter what they say!
I see.
So now Ludo might be able to go back to the Heavens.
Huh?
I'm going to fly!
With this big arm?
What's the point?
No! No!
No!
You don't know?
Anyway, let's get out of here!
Do you know what's going on?
I have to tell them!
We're connected!
Everyone's safe!
What's the situation?
You're feeling so secure!
Don't talk nonsense!
I'll explain it to you!
When we're all together,
we're all in the same half-body.
Bro and Dear are in the same boat,
but the others are missing.
The storm is waiting for them.
Why are you so skeptical?
It seems that we're going to cross the border
and die.
You're a cleaning, aren't you?
Clean the half-body and get out of here!
You're the one who's going to be kidnapped!
You're such a jerk!
You're a clean-up!
Besides,
why didn't the chief connect us
when we weren't in the underground?
I don't know!
We thought we were underground, too.
Enji?
You're not connected to Zankaya or Ryo?
No, not at all.
Maybe...
because of someone else.
Oh my...
One more thing to wonder.
We're great decision.
You didn't do anything a little spicy.
Knoll cut the map.
Once we arrive in the underworld,
we'll beagle and long-necked and we might end up had unas scholarships.
I'm an old-fashioned person, a member of the En.
I'll be the mark of the En.
My mother...
...is a very prominent figure.
Understood.
I'll leave it to you, Enji.
They're heading that way too.
Your location has been confirmed.
The boss has taken over everything from the information office.
So, they're heading that way now.
The reinforcements.
The En.
The Trash Storm will come once every six years.
Today is the day.
I'll be the one to take over.
The half-beast will fly away in the wind.
I just changed my position a little.
If possible, I don't want you to be a burden.
I'm not going to let you go.
You have the information from the En.
Keep your head down.
If you come with me, you'll be able to get the En.
And you'll have your ticket to the En.
I'll fulfill my purpose.
I'll close the curtain on this painful story.
Compared to the En.
What do you think of the En.
Huh?
Apples?
There are no magic winners on the days after you can be a Swamp軍ю
I used to learn only how to guard deeply.
hypotheses that you won't remember
Tear yourself away
and stand there above
chaos for
your fear.
I'll give you a lesson.
Get rid of the useless.
If you have a goal you want to achieve,
if you have a belief,
throw away the trash.
I named this glove.
That name is a name I came up with
to reduce the amount of trash that humans used to cause environmental problems
and to make it more efficient.
The cleaner's head taught me.
3R.
It's the perfect name for my treasure.
I see.
Whether it's trash or humans,
there's nothing useless.
There's nothing useless.
Meeting you wasn't useless.
I met me and realized what Zodil doesn't have.
So I made I did,
which I did not.
He used the game itself.
I caught things relying on his owner.
I thought it was smart to calculate the number.
I thought it was complex.
It's Xfone,
a friend's human.
He's someone I feel for.
I'm a friend worth
Much more than my 我
They didn't even bother me, the Tenkaizen, and treated me as a nuisance.
They were the only ones who looked at me as a human, not just as a Regt.
I'll never forget my revenge and my anger.
But...
I'm not satisfied with just that.
I don't know what to say!
I'm going to live and play with everyone!
I'm going to revenge with great satisfaction!
You bastard!
The curse of the words that were poisoned.
A futile desire to defend.
Then, I'll give you my prophecy.
Anger.
Friends.
The next person to enter your life...
...is regret.
I...
I'll come back someday.
You'll understand.
The soul that has been wastefully
and completely wasted...
...will come back to the ground.
Then, you've become more wasted today!
You can see my jealousy towards my friends!
Then, where are those friends now?
They're here.
Christina Wong
She seems like a pretty hello ver...
But I don't know who to call!
Please leave your behind inured.
worries about me
Forgiveness is filament and comfort.
But why did I say I don't want such a sight?
I know this phenomenon.
This is distraction, but I don't want you to break it.
I'm sure I'm holding on to today
I'm far away from my body
I'm going to fill today with a fake phone call